Updating containerd install details (#33321)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/container-runtimes.md

1. Install containerd:

   Visit
   [Getting started with containerd](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/main/docs/getting-started.md)
   and follow the instructions there, up to the point where you have a valid

>    configuration file (on Linux: `/etc/containerd/config.toml`).

Reviewer: @marosset I feel like with the last statement we are making it confusing for a first-time user who might assume that config.toml is the config file for Linux OS only.
```suggestion
   configuration file, config.toml. On Linux, you can find this file under the path `/etc/containerd`.
```

Author: updated.

1. Install containerd:

   Visit
   [Getting started with containerd](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/main/docs/getting-started.md)
   and follow the instructions there, up to the point where you have a valid
   configuration file, config.toml.
   On Linux, you can find this file under the path `/etc/containerd/config.toml`.

>    On Windows, you ocan find this file under the path `c:\Program File\containerd\config.toml`.

Reviewer: Thank you for the location! A grammatical nit & would we want to generalize the drive location by adding $Env instead of C: ?

```suggestion
   On Windows, you can find this file under the path `C:\Program Files\containerd\config.toml`.
```
